we seek to teach our children to think
and to be able to think critically we
want them to ask us questions we seek to
train our children and we seek to train
them especially in respectful behavior
towards one another towards their
teachers boards their parents boards
adults in general we want our school to
be known for its courtesy our desire is
to give our children the foundation they
need so that they can go into any field
for which they have the aptitude working
hard is important for our students to
have that skill which is able to
persevere through difficulty we want our
children to have a vision for who they
are in Christ we want them to know that
God has a plan for their lives that each
one of them is unique and gifted we want
them to know that God loves them or who
they are individually when they notice
they are confident it encourages them to
listen to the Lord to be confident in
God's will for their life to be
confident that in the circumstances that
they find themselves in they can move
ahead they can succeed we want our
children to have the courage to commit
to greatness the greatness of being a
disciple a follower of the Lord Jesus
Christ
you